---
title: Welcome
date: 2025-01-19T12:48:48+01:00
author: BeatSkip
categories:
- General
---

Welcome to the ESL hacking chronicles, this will be the place where i will document all my work around hacking my own stash of electronic shelf labels. Everything will be divided into three categories: 

    - Reverse engineering
    - Tooling and Development
    - Projects
    - Blog

### Reverse engineering
This category will contain all the information i have gathered about the electronic shelf labels. This will include information about the hardware, software and communication protocols. Everything is geared towards documenting the specific hardware variants i have used and both the results and process of reverse engineering them.

### Tooling and Development
This category will contain all the information about the tools and development environment i have used to develop the software for the electronic shelf labels. This will include information about the software i have used, the development environment and the software i have developed. Since there are multiple types of ESL tags i have procured and some of them required extensive work to just be able to work with them. This is a separate category from the projects.

### Projects
Here i will documeten the projects that come out of the reverse engineering and development work. Initially this will mostly be test projects, and will grow accordingly

### Blog
I will try to make a series of blog posts that will be a bit more informal and give some insights into the process, the challenges and the fun i have had with this project. This will also tie together the rest of the documentation in a more chronological storyline.
